We make affordable, quickly produced ventilators to carry on the fight against COVID-19.
我们制造便宜，快速生产的呼吸机来对抗COVID-19。

our response plan 
我们的策略

get inovolved 
加入我们！

We are a non-profit organization running on volunteer work and donations. Your contribution will make a difference!
我们是一个非营利组织，从事志愿工作和捐赠。您的贡献将可以改变世界.

donates/fund 
捐款/赞助

volunteer
成为志愿者

get ventilators 
需要呼吸机

scroll down to learn more 
向下滚动以了解更多信息 

CURRENT SITUATION AND NEEDS
现状和需求

In hospitals around the world, there is a shortage of Critical Care Unit Facilities and medical professionals. Some countries do not event have access to the crucial medical assistance
世界各地的医院都缺少重症监护室设施和医疗专业人员。有些国家无法获得关键的医疗救助

For people infected with COVID-19, one of the most pressing needs is TO BE ABLE TO BREATHE
对于感染了COVID-19的人来说，最紧迫的需求之一就是能够呼吸

WE ARE TRYING TO SOLVE THIS
我们正在努力解决这个问题

ArdenVent, our series of ventilators, are specifically designed to address this emergency situation
我们的呼吸机ArdenVent专为解决这种紧急情况而设计

Unlike conventional ventilators, it is cost efficient and rapidly assembled with well-tested, readily available components //efficient spelling 
与传统的呼吸机不同，它很划算，而且可以快速地组装经过测试过的零件

JOIN US IN OUR FIGHT TO MAKE THE SITUATION BETTER
加入我们，改变现状！

Fund the project.
资助项目。

This can cover costs for one prototype
这可以支付一个呼吸机原型的费用。

-60 USD + Donate
60 美元 + 捐赠

Volunteer with us.
与我们一起做志愿者。

Wwe are looking for volunteers to join us in this life saving effort.
我们正在寻找志愿者加入我们的行动。

Your expertise is extremely valuable to help us reach our goal. 
您的专业知识对帮助我们实现目标至关重要。 

view volunteers positions 
查看志愿者职位

Our first prototype has been tested and running well to this day.
到目前为止，我们的第一个原型已经过测试并运行良好。

The development for a better, more sophisticated second prototype is ongoing
正在开发更好，更复杂的第二个模型

learn about our plan 
详细了解我们的计划

OUR VENTILATORS
我们的呼吸机

ARDENVENT MARK I
ardenvent mark I 

Equipped with only one primary moving part, a turbine
仅配备一个主要部件:涡轮机

Able to calibrate volume and pressure of the air
能够校准空气的体积和压力

Able to adjust frequency of supply
能够调整供应频率

Relay of information between attendant and patient
在医疗人员和患者之间传递信息

Aimed for overwhelmed third world countries and crisis points in other countries
针对解决第三世界国家和其他国家的危机

ARDENVENT MARK II-IV

Improved positive displacement pump //positive displacement pump 
改进的容积泵

Computer control supported by an array of sensing devices for seamless communication
计算机控制一系列传感设备,实现无缝通信

No significant change to manufacturing cost
制造成本无重大变化

View the current progress and learn what is next 
查看当前进度并了解下一步 

How are our ventilators different?
我们的呼吸机有何不同？


Following a first principle approach, we
have a very focused mission: deliver air to
as many infected lungs as possible.
遵循第一个原则方法，我们
的主要任务是：让更多的患者提供氧气。

Our ventilators use off-the-shelf components
whenever possible [costing around $50], so
that we can produce them with low
cost and in vast numbers efficiently.
我们的呼吸机使用现成的组件
只需要[费用大约$50]，因此
那我们可以低成本的大量生产。

VENTILATOR DISTRIBUTION
呼吸机的分配

Connecting the world
连接世界

ArdenVent systems include international communication facilities so as to allow medical professional from anywhere in the world to monitor the equipment and supervise the patient's needs.
ArdenVent系统包括国际通讯设施，以便让世界各地的医疗专业人员都能监视设备并监督患者的需求。

 Upgrading software over the Internet
 通过网络升级软件

We anticipate that most of the further development will be limited to the software which can be upgraded over the internet
我们预计大多数进一步的开发将会通过网络来升级软件

Easy to operate
容易操作

In a crisis situation, a larger number of unskilled staff can attach a non- invasive ArdenVent and follow simple Inernet and video instructions in conjunction with remote medical supervision
在危机情况下，大量的员工可以安装ArdenVent，并遵循简单的视频指示以及远程医疗监督 //non-invasive ardenvent 

JOIN THE FIGHT AGAINST COVID-19
加入对抗COVID-19的战斗

To achieve our goal we have many tasks to complete.
We need people from different backgrounds with
different skills sets to join the team.
为了实现我们的目标，我们需要完成许多任务。
我们需要来自不同背景的人，拥有不同技能的人
加入团队。

3-D Printing of ventilator parts
呼吸机零件的3D打印

Virtual Opportunity
线上工作

A fully functioning low-cost computer-controlled ventilator is a game changer. if you ever 3-D printer we need your help. We have produced a very low ...
Great for Teens, 55+, Groups (any size)
一个功能全面的低成本，电脑控制的呼吸机将改变我们的生活。如果您曾经使用3D打印机，我们需要您的帮助。我们制作。。。
非常适合青少年，55岁以上，团体（任何大小的组织）

Accounts and Funding Administrator
帐户和资金管理员

Virtual Opportunity
线上工作

Managing donations and expenditure we have developed what may very well be the lowest cost ventilator in the world and are now taking steps to seek volunteer contributions ...
管理捐赠和支出，我们已经开发出了可能是世界上成本最低的呼吸机，现在正采取步骤寻求志愿者捐款...

Acquisition and Supply Manager for remote Ventilator parts
远程呼吸机零件的采购和供应经理

We are finalising our design for a ventilator to meet the needs of the covert 19 disaster and now want to start preparing for manufacture. Almost all ...
我们正在完成呼吸机的设计，以满足covid-19灾难的需求，现在希望开始进行生产。大概全部 ...

C++ Programmer for a microcontroller
C++的编程员

We seek volunteers that are prepared to provide the necessary expertise for this life saving work for the duration of the emergency. For clarity, this means work without ...
我们寻求志愿者，他们准备在紧急情况下为这项工作提供必要的专业知识。为了清楚起见，这意味着无需...

Database administrator for Ventilator developers
呼吸机开发人员的数据库管理员

With a growing number of volunteers and Information to track, we recognize the need to structurize our organization so as to accommodate our speed of growth. With more ...
随着越来越多的志愿者和要跟踪的信息，我们意识到有必要有组织的整理数据以适应我们的增长速度。随着更多...

Electrical Engineer / PCB Designer for remote Ventilator
电气工程师/ 远程操控呼吸机的PCB设计人员 

We are getting closer to finalizing our MK2 Ventilator and are finishing circuitry for it. However, MK3 is what we truly want to go into mass production with....
我们接近完成MK2呼吸机的工作。但是，MK3是我们真正想要大规模生产的产品。。。

Embedded System Developer for a OTA Pandemic Ventilator
OTA呼吸机的嵌入式系统开发人员

We seek volunteers that are prepared to provide the necessary expertise for this life saving work for the duration of the emergency. For clarity, this means work without ...
我们寻求可以为这方面提供专业知识的志愿者。为了清楚起见，这意味着无需。。。

Frontline respiratory clinicians
一线呼吸临床医生

We need to establish a large number of voluntary medical specialists capable of distance supervising a range of caregivers and ventilator operators from clinical professionals through to remote and ...
我们需要建立一个强大的志愿医疗专家团队，他们能够对从临床专业人士到远程医疗人员的各种护理人员和呼吸机操作人员进行远程监督。

International Fundraising and Grant Writer
国际筹款和赠款撰写者

Managing Fundraising efforts through donations, grants and crowdfunding Volunteer position description: - Write coherent, organized and compelling proposals. - Apply your knowledge of fundraising methods and ...
管理筹款，捐赠，赠款和众筹活动志愿者的职位描述：撰写连贯，有条理和令人信服的提案。-应用您对筹款方法的了解并...

International Tax Lawyer for nonprofit
国际税务律师 

We are in the process of building an international team for the purposes of addressing the shortage of ventilators and medical professionals in relation to the current crisis. ...
我们正在建立一个国际团队，以解决与当前危机相关的呼吸机和医疗专业人员短缺的问题。... 适用于55岁以上的人或者团体（任何大小）

IoT Expert for remote pandemic Ventilator
IoT专家（针对流行性呼吸机）

Our Ventilator is advancing and we are trying to figure out an efficient way to set up an IoT Infrastructure for hundreds of Ventilators. It appears the best ...
我们的呼吸机正在不断的完善中，我们正在努力寻找一种有效的方法来建立一个IoT去生产呼吸机。看来最好的...

Jira Service Desk set up for remote ventilating charity
建立一个为远程慈善机构设立的Jira服务台

We are a non-profit organization building an infrastructure to develop, manufacture, distribute and operate remote-controlled ventilators and oxygen concentrators that will also gather high-resolution treatment data for scientific research ...
我们是一个非营利性组织，致力于建立基础设施，以开发，制造，分发和运营远程控制的呼吸机和氧气浓缩器，这些设备还将收集高分辨率的治疗数据以进行科学研究.. 。

Mechanical design engineer for Ventilator
机械设计工程师

We have developed a ventilator designed to be mass-produced at the lowest reasonable cost capable of being used in remote locations, in people's homes or minor clinics throughout the ...
我们发明了一种呼吸机，旨在以最低的合理成本批量生产，可在偏远地区，人们的家中或整个诊所内使用。

Medical Doctor intensive care specialist
医生重症监护专家

An intensive care specialists are needed for the purposes of assisting in setting up the rudimentary training and advice parameters to enable a degree of automated actuations of the ...
需要重症监护专家，以协助建立基本的培训和建议，以实现呼吸机一定程度的自动化。

Medical academic or research fellow specialising in gas transfer of Lung / blood supply
专门从事肺部气体输送/血液供应的医学学术或研究人员

This individual needs to be able to advise the designing and manufacturing process of low-cost but effective ventilator equipment and assist in the acquiring of FDA approval under the ...
这个人需要能够为低成本但有效的呼吸机设备的设计和制造过程提供建议，并可能获得FDA的批准。。。

OTA Ventilator developers looking for somebody to help raise awareness
OTA呼吸机开发商正在寻可以帮助人们提高认知的志愿者

We seek volunteers that are prepared to provide the necessary expertise for our life-saving work for the duration of the emergency. For clarity, this means work without pay....
我们寻求志愿者，他们准备在紧急情况下为我们的救生工作提供必要的专业知识。为了清楚起见，这意味着。。。

Oxygen generation
产氧

As oxygen is going to be in short supply, for the treatment of the Covid 19 virus, just as ventilators and medical staff will be, we need to be ...
由于氧气将供不应求，因此像呼吸机和医务人员一样，为了治疗Covid 19病毒，我们需要...

Professional Blogwriter for remote Pandemic Ventilator
专业博主

Our charity is just about to launch our social media campaign and start fundraising. We believe in trust and transparency but as engineers, we need help to communicate ...
我们的慈善社交媒体即将开始筹款并开始筹款。作为工程师，我们需要帮助人来沟通...

Professional Promoter for remote pandemic Ventilator
远程呼吸机专业推广员

We have designed a very low-cost ventilator that can be produced in very large numbers. This ventilator can be operated/controlled remotely by any qualified medical professional anywhere in ...
我们设计了一种可以大量生产低成本的呼吸机，该呼吸机可以由任何合格的医疗专业人员在...

Risk mitigation Lawyer for international COVID-19 charity
国际COVID-19机构慈善风险缓解的律师

We are in the process of building an international team for the purposes of addressing the shortage of ventilators and medical professionals in relation to the current crisis. ...
我们正在建立一个国际团队，以解决与当前危机有关的呼吸机和医疗专业人员短缺的问题。...

Social Media Analytic/API Developer
社交媒体分析师/ API开发人员

We are building an infrastructure to develop, manufacture, distribute and operate remote-controlled ventilators and oxygen concentrators that will also gather high-resolution treatment data for scientific research and treatment optimization....
我们正在建立基础设施，以开发，制造，分配和操作远程控制的呼吸机和氧气浓缩器，这些呼吸器和氧气浓缩器收集收集的治疗数据以用于科学研究和治疗优化...。

Social Media Manager & Brand Strategist for remote Ventilator
社交媒体经理和品牌战略家

We have designed a low cost remotely controlled ventilator to make up for the huge lack of proper medical facilities in many countries with the potential of utilizing AI ...
我们设计了一个远程呼吸机，以弥补许多国家/地区潜在的医疗设施的不足。

UX/Technical Writer for a pandemic OTA Ventilator
UX /技术文件撰稿人

We seek volunteers that are prepared to provide the necessary expertise for our life-saving work for the duration of the emergency. For clarity, this means work without pay....
我们寻可以准备在紧急情况下为我们的救生工作提供必要的专业知识的志愿者。为了清楚起见，这意味着无偿工作。。。

WebApp Developer for an OTA Pandemic Ventilator
WebApp开发人员 

We seek volunteers that are prepared to provide the necessary expertise for this life-saving work for the duration of the emergency. For clarity, this means work without pay....
我们寻求可以准备在紧急情况下为该挽救生命的工作提供必要的专业知识的志愿者。为了清楚起见，这意味着无偿工作。。。

Website Developer for an OTA Pandemic Ventilator
网站开发人员

We seek volunteers that are prepared to provide the necessary expertise for this life-saving work for the duration of the emergency. For clarity, this means work without pay....
我们寻求可以准备在紧急情况下为该挽救生命的工作提供必要的专业知识的志愿者。为了清楚起见，这意味着无偿工作。。。

Wireless Network Engineer for remote Pandemic Ventilator
无线网络工程师 

We seek volunteers that are prepared to provide the necessary expertise for this life-saving work for the duration of the emergency. For clarity, this means work without pay....
我们寻求可以准备在紧急情况下为该挽救生命的工作提供必要的专业知识的志愿者。为了清楚起见，这意味着无偿工作。。。

























